1.1.8 (#291)
free-audio/clap: ChangeLog.md

* [params.h](include/clap/ext/params.h): document how persisting parameter values between sessions should be implemented
* [state.h](include/clap/ext/state.h): add basic documentation regarding what state should be saved and how plugins should interact with buffers
* various documentation fixes (essentially typos)

## Draft extensions

* [extensible-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/extensible-audio-ports.h): new extension which lets the host add ports to a plugin
* [configurable-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/configurable-audio-ports.h): new exetension which lets the host **push** an audio ports configuration request, this leads to a simpler workflow for surround host and plugins
* [surround.h](include/clap/ext/draft/surround.h):
  * remove `get_preferred_channel_map()` in favor of the push approach via [configurable-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/configurable-audio-ports.h)
  * remove `config_id` argument from `get_info()`
* [ambisonic.h](include/clap/ext/draft/ambisonic.h): remove `config_id` argument from `get_info()`
* [preset-load.h](include/clap/ext/draft/preset-load.h): use a location_kind + location approach instead of URI

## Draft factories

> * [preset-discovery.h](include/clap/factory/draft/preset-discovery.h): use a location_kind + location approach instead of URI

Reviewer: Some other changes are missing here:

```suggestion
* [preset-discovery.h](include/clap/factory/draft/preset-discovery.h): 
  * use a location_kind + location approach instead of URI
  * document which descriptor fields are optional
  * allow optional preset names in the metadata for non-container presets
```

# Changes in 1.1.8

* [params.h](include/clap/ext/params.h): document how persisting parameter values between sessions should be implemented
* [state.h](include/clap/ext/state.h): add basic documentation regarding what state should be saved and how plugins should interact with buffers
* various documentation fixes (essentially typos)

## Draft extensions

* [extensible-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/extensible-audio-ports.h): new extension which lets the host add ports to a plugin

> * [configurable-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/configurable-audio-ports.h): new exetension which lets the host **push** an audio ports configuration request, this leads to a simpler workflow for surround host and plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [configurable-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/configurable-audio-ports.h): new extension which lets the host **push** an audio ports configuration request, this leads to a simpler workflow for surround host and plugins
```

Reviewer: If you're going to correct the typos, then change it to 

```suggestion
* [configurable-audio-ports.h](include/clap/ext/draft/configurable-audio-ports.h): new extension allowing the host to **push** an audio ports configuration request, resulting in a simpler workflow for surround host and plugins
```

:wink: 

Or 'that lets'. 'Which' is not correct here, and the 'this leads' part either needs to be its own sentence or be rewritten without 'this'.
